.
- In the nation's
largest city,
the vicious and violent
members of the underworld
are hunted by the detectives
of the Organized Crime
Control Bureau.
These are their stories.
- Donnelly's running
a crew out of the 3-7.
- He's more than an errand boy
for the Marcy Killers.
- I remember your pops.
- Our dads say we're like--
- Yeah, brothers.
My old man would've hated this.
Leave your fellow cops alone.
- Nova will now report
directly to me.
- Second in command of
the entire Marcy organization?
This is more than
what you signed up for.
- How much did we lose?
- At least 50K.
- The disrespect,
I can't stand.
I run this town now.
- Yeah.
- Hey, hey, hey.
- Whoa, whoa, whoa.
- [groans]
- You did good, Stabler.
I think you might be ready.
[tense music]
Come on.
♪
- It just feels like betrayal.
I know what I'm doing is right
but I can't shake
this feeling...
[sighs]
Of betraying these people
even though
they're betraying their oath.
- Tell me about this world
of feeling for you.
What lives there?
- My father.
- What does he
have to say about this?
- Well not too much,
he's been dead about 30 years,
but...
[chuckles]
Sss--
I still hear him
loud and clear.
See, he was a cop,
and he represents...
[pensive music]
You know, the old school way,
the cop tradition,
the code.
My father was awarded
the Combat Cross.
He took a bullet
to save another cop's life,
That's who he was.
That's what he did.
And he gave me
that Combat Cross
when I became a detective.
♪
It's the first time I ever felt
like he was proud of me.
- Isn't upholding the law
part of the code?
- Yeah. Yeah.
- Seems to me,
your father would be proud
again.
♪
- Do not come down here,
Bonnie.
- Who is this?
- Yo, I'm warning you.
[tense music]
♪
- I'm here to pick up
Angelica Guzman.
- It'll be a while.
They're still processing her.
- What are the charges?
- Prostitution
and disorderly conduct.
- You know the DA's
not gonna prosecute.
Why didn't you just
call social services?
- You can have a seat
over there if you like,
but you can't stand here.
- Or you can--you can call me.
How about you do that
next time?
Save the city a little money.
♪
Angelica,
I'm here to take you home.
Everything is going to be okay.
You're doing the right thing.
Do you hear me?
Will you stay
off the streets tonight?
- I've gotta work.
- Just tonight, please.
Here, this will tide you over.
Tomorrow morning
I'll pick you up,
I'll take you to my office,
and we'll get to work.
- If he knew
I was talking to you--
- Everything between us
is completely confidential.
I promise you, Angelica.
Come on,
I'll walk you to your door.
[loud bang]
♪
[tense music]
- Ah, this is weird.
I think I'm gonna miss you.
- Oh, that's sweet.
What was his name again?
- [laughs]
The better we all do our jobs,
the sooner Stabler will be
back here riding your asses.
- I upgraded this from when
you were undercover
as Eddie Wagner.
I added a feature that
lets Sergeant Bell ping you
when she needs you
to respond ASAP.
- Okay.
- Everyone,
I need your attention.
Last night a civil rights
attorney, Bonnie Ellis,
was found murdered
in East New York
along with a young sex worker.
- Bonnie?
I knew her back when
I worked in Narco.
She was involved in
the East New York Gangs Truce.
- She went on to cofound
the Second Chance Alliance,
a nonprofit organization that
works
to help victims
of sex trafficking.
- So the sex worker
was her client?
- Angelica Guzman,
19 years old,
got picked up
as part of a sting.
Ellis was dropping her off
at her apartment.
And the murder weapon
was found in a dumpster
near the crime scene,
a nine-millimeter handgun
with the serial number
scratched off.
Crime scene is working
to recover the number.
- So East New York,
that's the 3-7.
- So is this a task force case
or is this for Stabler?
You know, technically,
he's still on suspension.
- Well, it's for both of you
because of a possible
Marcy Killers connection.
A few hours
before Bonnie was killed,
she received a call
from a burner phone.
It was traced back to
a Hugo Bankole
of the Marcy Killers.
[tense music]
♪
- What's wrong with you?
- The cops are looking for me.
- Why? What happened?
- Two women got shot
last night on Van Siclen,
and they think I did it.
- You have an alibi?
- Yeah, I was at
my cousin Jamund's place.
Brought him some electronics
for his e-biz.
- So he can vouch for you.
- No, he got a record.
They ain't going
to believe him.
One of the marks was a lawyer
coming up in
the public defender's office,
and that ain't a good look
for the cops.
You know they gonna
have to pin it on somebody.
- You should get out of here.
♪
- Hey.
Hey, how you doing? Stabler.
- Don't feel bad.
They don't trust new guys here.
- I don't feel bad.
I got thick skin.
- So you got transferred here?
- It would seem so.
- Kind of a downgrade.
- They took my gun too.
- Tough break.
- Yup.
- You play cards?
- Yeah, 10-4.
- See you at McCutcheon's.
- I'll see you there.
- Bonnie spent a year
getting to know Angelica.
She worked really hard
to gain her trust,
providing legal counsel,
connecting her
with social services.
- Do you know if Angelica
was being trafficked?
- I honestly don't know,
but these women,
they're terrified
to talk about that.
- Where'd she pick up
her clients?
Did she have a territory?
- We work separate cases,
but I know some of the women
that worked with Bonnie,
they walk the track
at Hunts Point.
- Did Bonnie have any dealings
with the Marcy Killers?
- I've heard the name,
but aren't they a drug gang?
- Wait, you're saying
you haven't come across them
in connection
with sex trafficking?
- No, but I don't know
every gang in New York
that traffics women.
- Detective Stabler.
- Captain Darnell,
nice to meet you, sir.
- I'm gonna be
very straight with you.
I don't want you here.
You were thrust on me,
and I don't like it,
but it wasn't my choice.
- Well, I appreciate
your honesty.
- Just shut up and let me talk.
I don't like scandal,
and I hate politics.
So whatever happened between
you and your former sergeant,
I don't give a damn.
You just keep your head down
and stay out of trouble
or I will make sure
that your suspension
becomes an expulsion.
Now in the meantime,
unless and until IAB restores
your full privileges,
you're on desk duty.
Make sure
your handwriting's legible.
- Copy that, sir.
♪
.
- Hey.
- Look at you.
- Yeah, look at me.
- Stuck in your
little house-mouse gig.
- Mm.
- Please don't hate me.
- Why would I hate you?
- 'Cause I'm the one
that put in the good word
that got you transferred
to this hellhole.
- Well, I hate you.
Look, truth of the matter is
it wouldn't have mattered
where they sent me,
a cop without a gun
is dead weight.
- Yeah.
Come on, let's go for a ride.
- Yeah, I don't think
that's a good idea.
I was threatened
with expulsion by Darnell.
- [scoffs]
Forget about Darnell.
He's a jackass. Let's go.
Come on.
Let's roll.
Turning the wrong way
down a one-way street
adds the element of surprise.
[horn honks]
The more people you stop,
more likely you are
to find something.
- Stop and frisk,
I think is what they call it.
- Yeah.
[chuckles]
And you know,
if you're in a patrol car,
you just pull over,
pop the door,
chase whoever runs.
- So the drugs.
Once you get them,
what do you do with them?
- Well, Marcy Killers
were our main buyers,
but now that Webb's dealing
directly with the source,
he's not interested in
the street level stuff anymore.
But that's fine, that's cool.
- Mm.
- We still got
plenty of buyers.
Like, see that kid over there?
- Yeah.
- 17 years old, hard as nails.
He's got ins
with the Trinitarios
and he's one of our CI's,
so he lets us know
who's carrying
and we can jack their drugs.
- You trust him not to talk?
- Believe me, I got enough
to put him away
for ten lifetimes.
He ain't talking.
- How about them?
Who they work for?
- No idea.
- You don't run girls?
- Hey, I got daughters.
- Marcy Killers run girls?
- What is this,
an interrogation?
[tense music]
- No, I'm trying
to get a lay of the land.
I'm looking for opportunities.
I just don't want to step on
anybody's toes
like the Marcy Killers.
- Right.
Do me a favor, okay?
We're working together now,
use this.
You don't want anybody to be
able to ID you off your shield.
- Yeah.
- Tomorrow night I'll take you
out for another ride
and show you
how we really roll out here.
- Hugo didn't do it.
- So he should have
no problem coming in
and telling me that himself.
- You know
that's not gonna happen.
He has good reason
not to trust the police.
- And we have good reason
to consider him
a person of interest.
- What reason?
- Is Hugo running girls
for the Marcy Killers?
- No.
Mr. Webb doesn't allow
sex trafficking.
It goes against
everything he believes in.
- Oh, so now Preston Webb
is a man of high principle.
- I'm telling you,
the Marcy Killers
don't run girls.
- Then why did Hugo contact
one of the victims
a couple hours
before she got shot?
- I don't know.
- Look...
Nova, you know
I trust your judgement,
but sometimes I worry that
you've been undercover so long
that you can't see these people
for what they truly are.
- These people?
You starting to sound
just like them.
- What's that supposed to mean?
- That maybe you've been
a cop so long,
you only see things
in black and white.
- You will not insult
the integrity of what I do.
Hard evidence is
all we have to go on,
and right now
the evidence is strong.
♪
- Hey, looking for
a girl named Tina.
- Anybody else smell bacon?
Piss off.
- There she is.
Pull up.
Tina, get in the car.
I need to talk to you.
- Get lost.
- For Christ's sake, Tina,
I'm your brother.
Just give me five minutes.
- Yeah, her name's Angelica.
Angel, we call her. Why?
- She was killed Saturday night
outside her apartment.
We need to know who ran her.
Was she part of a network?
- Uh...no.
Angel worked for herself.
- Look, Tina,
if you're protecting someone--
- Who would I protect?
I'm telling you,
she was my friend.
She was self-employed.
- What about customers?
Does she have any regulars?
Anyone she had
a special relationship with?
- I don't know if you'd
call it special, but yeah.
There was this one guy.
He used to come around a lot.
He drove a Lincoln SUV
and had a "Baby On Board"
sticker on back.
- Can you describe him for us?
- White, brown hair,
had a nasty burn scar
on the side of his face
shaped like Florida with a
nasty red ring around the edge.
Look, I gotta go.
- Hey, you got a phone
these days?
- Yeah.
- Well, let me get the number
in case I need to ask you
more questions.
You staying warm?
- If you mean, am I clean?
Yeah, I'm clean.
I promise.
♪
- Where's Santos?
- We'll pick him up on the way.
There's our guy.
Every week, exact same story.
Arrives at 11:00 p.m. sharp,
sells the stuff,
back outside by 11:15.
Kid runs like a gold Rolex.
Okay, showtime.
Hang on to your hat, brother.
♪
- Your hands--hey, your hands,
let me see them.
- Hey, what's in the bag?
- What the hell, man?
You got a reason to stop us?
Come on. You got no warrant.
- Yeah, I don't like your face.
How's that for a reason?
- You know what? Cuff him.
- Let's go.
- Yo!
- Cuff him.
- You can't search us.
- Hey, hey, quiet.
- Yo.
- Shut your mouth.
- You ain't got a warrant.
You can't search us.
- Get your hands on the hood.
- What's your name?
- Stix.
- Stix ain't a name.
What does your mother call you?
- Aaron.
- All right, Aaron,
you seem like a nice kid,
so I'm gonna keep it 100
with you.
Um, we're working with the FBI,
and our wiretap caught wind
of your coke deal.
So we know who
you're working with
and we can prove it.
Now tell me
who you got the stuff from,
and I'll let you go.
- I ain't talking.
- All right.
You know what
civil forfeiture is?
Hmm?
It's a law that allows us
to seize the property
of people who do bad things,
and you've been doing
some very bad things.
And I can't imagine you have
a lot that we'd want to seize,
but your mom probably does.
You get behind bars,
we're coming for her.
Her house, cash,
end of the month,
she's out on the street,
no money, no place to live.
I don't know, Stix,
you want that on your head?
♪
[phone chimes]
- Cops grabbed Stix.
We got to hurry up
and clear out of here.
Come on.
Hurry it up.
[speaks language]
[siren wailing]
- Hey, you don't have a piece.
- No, I'm good.
I got your back.
- Yeah? Okay.
- Yeah.
- Hit it, Santos.
♪
Okay.
- Looks like someone
tipped them off.
- All right, guys,
bag up what's left, okay?
Hey, Stabler.
- Yeah.
- Come here.
[chuckles]
Look at this.
- [gasps]
- Oh, yeah.
- Jackpot.
- There's gotta be,
like, 40 grand worth in here.
- Yup.
- You, my friend,
are my lucky charm.
Bag it up. All right, hurry up.
I'm gonna go check
the rest of the place, okay?
- Let him go, let him go.
[groans]
- Call a bus.
- What about--
- Call the bus,
just call the bus now.
- Shots fired.
I need a bus
at 4113 Nostrand Avenue,
officer down.
.
both: Hey.
- Aw, I didn't know
you felt that way.
- I was gonna get you
a whiskey,
but the gift shop doesn't have
a liquor license, so.
How's your flesh wound?
- It's all right.
The doctor said if it
hadn't nicked my vest...
could've been
a whole different story.
- The nurse just told me
they took it out
with their fingers
and just patched you up
with a Band-Aid or two.
- Uh-huh, I got 12 stitches.
- How many?
- 12.
Okay, and I was on the table
for, like, two hours.
- Probably
'cause you wouldn't shut up.
- [chuckles]
Don't make me laugh, it hurts.
- Yeah.
I'm here because I wanted
to say thank you, man.
- All right,
don't make it weird.
I like it better
when you were busting my chops.
- You saved my life.
- So we're even, right?
Now close the door.
Put those over there.
So...
Obviously, things went
kind of sideways last night.
- I'll say, yeah.
- And the Sarge came by
this morning
and was asking
a lot of questions.
You guys--that was
a great move,
getting rid of the guns
before EMS arrived.
And there's no witnesses 'cause
we let the shooter get away.
But I don't think this thing's
gonna blow over that easy.
- No, neither do I.
- Right.
So we gotta get rid
of those guns ASAP.
- Yeah.
- So there's a cop in
the 3-7 named Van Aller.
I usually move the guns
together with him.
- Van Aller, all right.
- All right?
Uh, he's been acting
a little skittish lately.
I want you to ride with him
and keep an eye on him.
You up for that?
- Anything you need, brother.
- Okay.
Do me a favor,
get a vase for those flowers.
- Sure. Here, help me up.
[groans]
- [laughs]
So funny.
- There's Angelica.
And that's the car
Maldonado's sister described.
- Run the plates.
- It's registered
to a Leon Popov of Canarsie.
- Mm, pick him up,
bring him in for questioning.
- Hey, Jet, I need you
to look up a cop
by the name of Van Aller.
He and I are meeting up today
to sell the guns that we stole.
- Matthew Van Aller?
- Yes.
- Third grade detective
from Staten Island,
two kids, divorced.
- Record?
- Clean.
- The ATF trace report
came back on
the Bonnie Ellis murder weapon.
One of our CIs sold it
a year ago.
- Who'd he sell it to?
- Hugo Bankole.
- According to Donnelly,
the Marcy Killers are not
involved in sex trafficking.
- Nova said the same thing.
- Well, if they weren't
trafficking Angelica,
what was the motive
for the murders?
- Is it possible Bankole
was acting on his own?
- Jet, put a BOLO and a
want card out on Hugo Bankole.
I'll call Nova.
[suspenseful music]
- Hey!
I spoke with
Force Investigations.
You want to tell me why
you were out playing cowboy
with Donnelly when you're
supposed to be on suspension?
- Look, Captain, I understand.
I was just trying to help.
- You just don't get it.
I'm recommending that IAB
pursue charges in termination.
- We know what you did
for Donnelly.
Welcome to the 3-7.
♪
- Leon Popov.
- Why am I here?
- Angelica Guzman,
you know her?
- I never seen her before
in my life.
- This is your car?
- Yeah.
- This is Angelica
getting into your car.
This coming back to you?
- Yeah, okay.
I recognize her now.
I pick her up sometimes.
- When's the last time
you saw her?
- I can't remember.
- Why don't you try?
- End of last week.
- Can you describe
that interaction?
- She got in my car,
we screwed around, she got out.
So fine me or whatever.
- Oh, you're looking
at much more than a fine.
Angelica Guzman was found
murdered three nights ago,
and right now,
you're a suspect.
♪
Hey, where's Stabler?
- He's at the 3-7, I think.
- Okay, we got to
get in touch with him now.
- Why?
- Popov never met Angelica.
He let his neighbor use his car
to make runs to Hunts Point.
Says the guy threatened
to hurt him if he told anyone.
- What does that have to do
with Stabler?
- Popov's neighbor, he's cop.
- Okay.
- Name's Van Aller.
- Van Aller,
that's who Stabler's
meeting this afternoon.
Come on, Stabler, pick up.
Damn it.
♪
- Get in.
- Hey. How you doing?
Elliot Stabler.
- Matthew Van Aller.
- Hey, nice to meet you.
[phone rings]
- Bell.
- I'm gonna tell you where
Hugo is because that's my job.
I swear you're wrong about him.
- What do you want?
- We're looking for
your nephew, Hugo Bankole.
- Hugo not here.
- We have a warrant, ma'am.
- I already told you,
he's not here.
- Is there anyone else
in this house?
- No.
- Stay with her.
♪
Jet.
Hugo Bankole,
you are under arrest.
Now get your ass
out that mattress.
.
- Donnelly makes us keep a list
of all the serial numbers
in case we ever need them.
I don't know why.
- You want help with that?
- [chuckles]
No, it's just nerve damage.
- Oh.
- [clears throat]
I'm not the guy who usually
deals with the buyers.
- I'll take the lead on that
if you want.
- No,
they don't know your face.
They won't trust you.
It's better if you stay here.
- Cool.
- All right.
Add this to the bag, you mind?
Can you throw this
in the glove?
- Mm-hmm.
- Thanks.
[tense music]
♪
- I'm gonna ask you again.
How do you know Bonnie Ellis?
- We were friends.
Came up through
the Gangs Truce.
I was helping her,
trying to bring peace
on these streets.
- Who else knows this?
Do you have anybody
who can vouch for you?
- No, I never told anybody.
- Preston Webb?
- Who that?
- [sighs]
That's your piece.
It was found in a dumpster
near the crime scene.
The ballistics matched
the bullets that
were in the victim's bodies.
- They setting me up.
- Oh, so it is your gun.
- It used to be.
A cop took it off me
during a stop and frisk
last year.
- Who's the cop?
- How do I know
you not in with him?
- Because I'm not.
- [scoffs]
- Why did you call Bonnie Ellis
the night she was murdered?
- To warn her.
- About what?
- This cop
I'm telling you about,
the one that took my gun,
he was working with a gang
that runs prostitutes.
All right,
he gave the protection
in exchange for free sex
with his favorite girl.
- Angelica Guzman.
- Bonnie was helping her,
trying to bring
a case against the cop.
- And that's why he killed her.
Hugo, I believe
what you're telling me,
but all the evidence
points straight to you.
So if you don't want
to take the fall for this,
you need to tell me
that cop's name.
[phone buzzes]
- Hey.
- Hugo said Van Aller
took his gun
during a stop and frisk.
He used that gun
to kill Bonnie and Angelica,
and now he's trying
to pin the murders on Hugo.
- If that's true, I should have
the proof of it right here.
- Where's Van Aller now?
- I got eyes on him.
I gotta go.
♪
Good?
- All good.
[phone ringing]
This is Van Aller.
Okay. No, no, no idea.
Uh, but I'll give them a call.
Thanks for letting me know.
- Everything all right?
- Yeah. Let's get out of here.
♪
- Come in for a drink?
- No, I gotta take off.
- We don't know each other,
Van Aller,
and I'm not trying
to overstep here.
You know, if you got something
you want to get off your chest,
something on your mind,
you know, you can talk to me.
- How do I know
I can trust you?
- I'm your brother.
- Nobody can find out about--
you can't--you can't--
you can't tell Donnelly.
- No, no, no,
just between you and me, man.
Between you and me.
What's going on?
- That call I just got...
it was Darnell.
He said a couple IAB officers
came by the precinct
looking for me.
- Okay.
Look, I've been in front of IAB
more than a few times.
So tell me what's up,
and I'll let you know
what you can and can't say.
- Those two women
that got gunned down
the other night on Van Siclen.
- Uh, the lawyer
and her client, right?
- The lawyer, she was...
She was causing trouble.
- What do you mean, trouble?
- She was asking
a lot of questions.
It--I acted on my own,
but she found out
about the Brotherhood.
If IAB,
they start nosing around,
they pull one thread,
and the whole thing
comes undone.
- [sighs]
And Donnelly doesn't know
about this?
- No, no, if he found out--
- I get you, I get you.
All right, look...
All right, look,
I got you here, all right?
But let's go inside,
let's have a drink,
we'll strategize,
and when we come out of there,
you'll know what to do
and what to say.
You'll figure out what to do.
- Yeah, yeah, sure.
- All right?
- Yeah, sure.
- Come on.
- You know what, just--
- What?
- Give me a minute.
I gotta call my kids.
- Okay.
♪
- Hey, Mr. Popular,
told you they'd come around.
- Hey, well, thanks for
greasing the wheels for me.
- So what you drinking?
- Whatever they got on tap.
Whatever you got.
- Danny, I got this one.
Everything okay?
- Hmm? Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Everything's cool.
Put it on my tab.
I'm gonna be back in a minute.
- Next drink's on me.
- All right.
Hey, Van Aller.
♪
.
- You really think Donnelly
didn't know about
Van Aller and Angelica?
- Look,
the way he was acting...
I mean, Van Aller
was scared out of his mind
that Donnelly would find out.
And considering what he did,
you know, that was
a dying man's confession.
At that point there's no reason
for him to lie.
- Okay.
I passed on what I got
from Hugo to SVU.
This is the cash
from the gun sale
and the log book that
you got off of Van Aller.
I entered it into evidence.
- Thanks.
- Stabler.
You good?
- Yeah, why?
- Just checking.
[tense music]
- So this dirty cop framed you?
That's what you telling me?
- I'm telling you,
the Brotherhood is out of hand.
They think they can
get away with anything.
- The two-faced Brotherhood
does not concern me.
What concerns me
is my trusted executives
keeping secrets
and telling lies.
- You're right.
I should've told you about
my friendship with the lawyer,
but I meant no disrespect.
- Am I looking at a Judas?
That is what
I have to ask myself.
- I'll talk to him.
- Yeah, you've done enough.
- I only told him
the cops picked you up
because I knew he'd find out.
It was better
that it came from me.
- Yeah, and I'm starting to see
how that works.
♪
- I told you he was innocent.
- We did what we had to do,
and we released him
without pressing any charges.
- Yeah, but Webb
doesn't trust him now,
and now he's starting
not to trust me.
- You'll win him back,
I know you will.
One of the reasons
we go undercover
is to understand the psyche
of the criminals
we're investigating,
and sometimes,
without even realizing it,
our worlds begin to blur.
- I was out of line before.
I thought you were trying to--
- What? Profiling Hugo?
I was trying to build a case
based on the evidence
that was in front of me.
Nova, I was doing my job.
And you're right,
I am one of them,
but so are you.
Don't forget that.
- I won't.
- All right.
I care about you, girlfriend.
Don't forget that, either.
- Likewise.
- It was one night
Van Aller comes in
with this chick in handcuffs,
right?
This chick can't be
more than 15.
I'm like, "What the hell
is wrong with you?
What you got cuffs
on a little girl for?"
Van Aller turns around,
his entire back
is soaked in blood.
This little nasty bitch
slashed him.
[groans and laughter]
- That's my kind of girl.
- Well, look who the cat
dragged in.
all: Hey!
- All right.
- The return of
the conquering hero.
- All right.
- Hey.
Takes more than a couple
bullets to put me down, right?
- Let me buy you a drink, huh?
- Thanks, guys.
- Two whiskeys, neat.
You look good.
- Thanks.
You look like hell.
You all right?
- Eh.
- Thanks.
So give the highlights.
Tell me what went on.
- I have no idea, man.
I mean...
- What?
- I'm still trying
to figure it out.
You know, he was just
shaky all night, on edge.
But the sale went down
without a hitch.
- And so what--and when he
dropped you off here,
and he didn't say anything?
I mean, anything?
- No, no.
You know, I said, "come on in.
Let me buy you a drink."
He's like, "Oh, you know,
give me a minute."
So I'm in here
and I'm telling you,
I was in here
less than a minute
and I'm not feeling right,
right?
So I go out to check on him.
Boom. Right in front of me.
I, uh, I got this off of him
before the paramedics arrived.
- That is great, Stabler.
Oh, man, that's even better.
[sighs]
Jackpot. Thank you, my friend.
You're saving my ass.
- No, no that's--
- No, no.
Take it, brother.
- No.
- You deserve it, okay?
You know what,
Van Aller wasn't cut out
for this kind of work, anyways.
You know what I mean?
This kind of operation,
you gotta have men
with cojones.
You know, backbone.
Men like our dads, right?
- Hmm.
- Yeah.
You know, there was a story
about your dad
that was famous
in my house growing up.
- Hmm.
- So your dad and his partner,
right?
They're cleaning house,
no warrants,
and they get ambushed
by this hothead kid
who's unarmed, right?
So your dad's partner spooks,
shoots the kid.
- Dead?
- Dead.
Dead, right?
So now a major screw up.
They gotta make it look,
you know,
they justified the shooting.
So your dad searches the house,
finds a gun,
has his partner
shoot him in the leg
to make it look like
Joe was defending him.
- [chuckles]
- Okay?
All right, you want
to talk about cojones?
So Joe Stabler
got a damn Combat Cross
for taking that bullet.
You want to talk about loyalty?
You want to talk
about brotherhood?
I mean...
[scoffs]
We're just like our dads.
♪
- Must be your lucky day.
Not only couldn't I fire you,
the powers that be
deemed it time
to return this to you.
It's pretty obvious
you got friends in high places.
But they're the wrong kind
of friends.
They're the kind
that'll have your back
just long enough
to stab you in it.
♪
[dramatic music]
[wolf howls]